Update README.md (#38)
GA-FDP/imas_composer: .claude/TESTING_GUIDE.md

```

**Cause:** Using awkward array for non-ragged data or vice versa.

**Solution:**
- Use `awkward.Array` only for truly ragged data (variable length per time slice)
- Use `numpy.ndarray` for fixed-size arrays
- Check OMAS reference to see what type it returns

## Equilibrium Special Case: Field-by-Field Fetching

Equilibrium IDS is large - fetching `equilibrium.*` loads thousands of points.

**Solution:** Test infrastructure automatically fetches equilibrium fields individually:

```python
if ids_name == 'equilibrium':
    omas_value = get_omas_value(omas_data(ids_name, ids_path), ids_path)
else:
    omas_value = get_omas_value(omas_data(ids_name), ids_path)
```

**You don't need to do anything** - this is handled in `conftest.py`.

## Debugging Workflow

When a test fails:

1. **Read the error message** - it tells you what's wrong:
   - Shape mismatch → transpose issue
   - Value difference → check units/transformations
   - Shot number mismatch → calibration data

2. **Check OMAS reference** - compare your implementation:
   ```python
   # In omas/machine_mappings/d3d.py or _efit.json
   # See exactly what OMAS does

>    ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - In `omas/machine_mappings/d3d.py` or `_efit.json`
   - See exactly what OMAS does
```

3. **Add debug prints** (user will run):
   ```python
   def _compose_field(self, shot, raw_data):
       result = transform(raw_data[key])
       print(f"Debug: shape={result.shape}, min={result.min()}, max={result.max()}")
       return result
   ```

> 4. **Share output with user** - they'll run the test and provide output

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. **Digest output from user** - they'll run the test and provide output
```

5. **Iterate** - fix issue, user runs again

**Remember:** You CANNOT run tests yourself (data privacy policy). User runs tests and shares output.

## Test Infrastructure (conftest.py)

All shared test logic lives in `conftest.py`:

### Key Functions

- `load_ids_fields(ids_name)` - Loads field list from YAML for parametric tests
- `test_requirements_resolution()` - Generic requirement testing
- `run_composition_against_omas()` - Generic OMAS validation
- `get_omas_value()` - Navigate OMAS nested structures
- `compare_values()` - Type-aware value comparison
- `load_test_config()` - Load IDS-specific test config

### Key Fixtures

- `composer` - ImasComposer instance with default config
- `fetch_requirements_fn` - Function to fetch requirements from MDSplus
- `omas_data` - Factory to fetch OMAS reference data
- `REFERENCE_SHOT` - Shot number used for all tests (200000)

## Adding Tests for New IDS

1. Create `tests/test_<ids>_requirements.py` (use template above)
2. Create `tests/test_<ids>_composition.py` (use template above)
3. (Optional) Create `tests/test_config_<ids>.yaml` if special rules needed

> 4. Run tests: `pytest tests/test_<ids>_*.py -v`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Create `tests/test_config_<ids>.yaml` with special rules if needed
4. User runs tests: as described above
```
